# Glossary

## Actor

The address that will perform the calls specific to TargetFunctions. See [ActorManager](../oss/setup_helpers.md#actormanager) for how to use these in a test suite.  

## CryticTester

The invariant testing contract that's deployed in the [Chimera Framework](../tutorial/chimera_framework.md#crytictester) and that the fuzzer will use to explore state and properties with the target functions defined on it.

## CryticToFoundry

A Foundry test contract used to implement unit tests of property breaking call sequences (reproducers) obtained with testing tools (i.e. Echidna, Medusa, Halmos, etc.).

## Invariant Testing

The act of testing logical statements about smart contracts using tools that manipulate their state randomly (fuzzers) or following all possible paths (formal verifiers).

## Property

A logical statement about a smart contract or system that can be tested.

## Reproducer

A call trace generated by a tool (fuzzer, formal verifier) that breaks a property of a contract or system.

## Invariant

A property that should always hold for a smart contract or system.

## Fuzzer

An engine/solver, a program that can perform stateful tests on a smart contract or system.

Some fuzzes are concrete, others concolyc, and others symbolic.

## Handler

A wrapper around a target function that makes a call to a target contract. 

## Target Function

The set of functions that the fuzzer will call to explore state and properties for the smart contract or system.

## <a href="/tools/builder.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Scaffolding</a>

The set of smart contracts put into place to organize the code and tell the fuzzer how to explore states and test properties.

## <a href="https://github.com/crytic/echidna" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Echidna</a>

A concrete fuzzer written in Haskell, using HEVM as its EVM engine

## <a href="https://github.com/crytic/medusa" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Medusa</a>

A concrete fuzzer written in Go, using GETH for the EVM engine.

## <a href="https://github.com/a16z/halmos" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Halmos</a>

A symbolic fuzzer written in Python, using its own SEVM for the EVM engine